Are you going?
Shouldn't he reach out and hit the smiley face?
OK
I'm knocking on an actress's door like this
If people see this, it will be a hot search
Hahahaha
If I said it was an accident, would you?
I I
I'm going to kill you.
I'm just here to apologize, why did you use so much force?
It's okay, you're welcome.
Even if a kitten or a puppy is in danger
I will do my best to save
What's more, you are a person at least
I am a
Who is it?
Oops oops
Why are you here?
Okay, stop being so fat
Come Home With Me
Ouch, I'm not hurt.
Was it an accident?
Did you see the announcement from the crew?
Came to see me right away
Do less and be more affectionate to me
I just have nothing to do
I wanted to vent my anger for the heroine
But he seems to be a good person to get along with during this time
Hello
I'm angry.
No, maybe it's just too tiring to film
Then don't shoot
Hard work really shows love and leaves
Why bother? Yes, yes, yes.
Who can compare to your vice president?
Daily gold and diamond king fifth